HUH? SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
CASA DE JOEY.
I DECORATED IT MYSELF.
GET OUT.
NO.
WOW, JOEY.
THIS IS, UH...
ART.
ART IT IS.
WOW. CHECK THIS OUT.
IS IT A COFFEE TABLE?
IS IT A PANTHER?
THERE'S NO NEED TO DECIDE.
HEY.
NICE PILLOW.
SO, NOW, TELL ME.
IS THIS GENUINE MUPPET SKIN?
Phoebe:
HEY, EXCELLENT
EXCELLENT
WATER-TABLE THING.
THANKS. YEAH,
I LOVE THIS
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT MAKES ME WANT TO PEE.
YEAH, WELL, ME TOO.
I THINK THAT'S THE CHALLENGE.
HEY, HOW COME, UH...
CHANDLER DIDN'T COME?
WELL, UH, IT'S 'CAUSE
HE HAD A THING WITH...
WITH-WITH THE THING.
RIGHT.
I GOT-I GOT IT.
SO WHY DON'T YOU SHOW US
THE REST OF YOUR CASA?
Others:
YEAH.
OH... OH, THE BEST PART!
COME ON!
EH?
HEY.
NICE TOILET.
NO, NO, NO. BEHIND IT.
OH, YOU HAVE
A PHONE IN HERE?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I HAVE A PHONE... IN HERE.
JOEY, PROMISE ME
SOMETHING.
YEAH.
NEVER CALL ME
FROM THAT PHONE.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
OH.
OKAY, HERE WE GO.
HONEY, I'M SORRY.
THEY WERE ALL OUT
OF APPLE PIE.
SOMEONE JUST GOT
THE LAST PIECE.
OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU ARE NOT GOING
TO BELIEVE THIS.
I HAVE JUST BEEN DISCOVERED.
NOW, WAIT A MINUTE.
I CLAIMED YOU
IN THE NAME OF FRANCE
FOUR YEARS AGO.
( strained laughter )
PROMISE YOU
WON'T FREAK OUT
AND SAY HOW GREAT THIS IS
UNTIL I'M DONE, OKAY?
All:
OKAY.
I JUST MET THIS PRODUCER
OF THIS, LIKE,
TEENY RECORD COMPANY
WHO SAID THAT I HAVE
A VERY FRESH, OFF-BEAT SOUND
AND SHE WANTS TO DO
A DEMO OF "SMELLY CAT."
( clamoring )
OKAY, I TOLD YOU
NOT TO DO THAT YET.
OKAY...
AND SHE WANTS TO DO A VIDEO.
( clamoring )
I'M NOT DONE YET, OKAY?
GOD.
OKAY, IF THAT GOES WELL
THEY MAY EVEN WANT
TO MAKE AN ALBUM.
I'M DONE NOW.
( clamoring )
IF YOU CARE
ABOUT ME AT ALL
YOU'LL GET THE PIE
OUT OF THE MAN'S HOOD.
GET THE WHAT?
THERE'S A PIE IN THE HOOD.
PIE IN THE HOOD. GO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M SORRY.
MY PIE WAS IN YOUR HOOD.
I JUST HAVE TO GET MY COFFEE
OUT OF THAT GUY'S PANTS
AND I'LL BE BACK
IN THE HOSPITAL BY 7:00.
ROSS, GET OUT OF THE BATHROOM.
CALM DOWN.
I'M BLOW DRYING.
BLOW DRYING WHAT?
YOU HAVE NO HAIR.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOUR BOYFRIEND
HAS BEEN IN THERE
FOR OVER AN HOUR.
IT'S LIKE I'M LIVING
WITH HIM AGAIN.
HE'S HERE WHEN I GO TO SLEEP,
WHEN I WAKE UP
WHEN I WANT
TO USE THE SHOWER.
UGH! I FEEL LIKE I'M 16
ALL OVER AGAIN.
WELL, YOU'RE NOT 16.
YOU'RE BOTH ADULTS NOW.
GET OUT, YOU DOOFUS!
OR, YOU KNOW
HE'S RUBBER AND YOU'RE GLUE.
ALL YOURS.
I HOPE YOU CLEANED
YOUR HAIR OUT
OF THE DRAIN.
( mimicking ):
I HOPE YOU CLEANED
YOUR HAIR OUT OF THE DRAIN.
SHUT UP.
( mimicking):
CUT IT OUT!
( mimicking in gibberish )
I'VE NEVER WANTED YOU MORE.
SO, WHAT DO YOU SAY, BOYS?
SHOULD I CALL HIM?
( electronic barking )
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY:
ASK YOUR SLIPPERS A QUESTION...
YOU'RE GOING CRAZY.
HELLO?
Chandler:
Hey.
HEY!
LISTEN, I'M SORRY I DIDN'T
MAKE IT OVER THERE TODAY.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
YOU, UH... YOU HAD A THING.
YEAH, WELL,
I HEAR THE PLACE LOOKS GREAT.
OH, FORGET ABOUT IT.
I'M HAVING A BALL.
HOW'S THE APARTMENT DOING?
OH, HEY, IT'S TERRIFIC.
I MEAN, IT'S A REGULAR SPACE...
FEST.
OH.
WELL, GREAT.
Yeah, I just...
YOU KNOW, WANTED TO CALL
AND SAY "HEY."
WELL, OKAY THEN.
( bell dings )
WAS THAT THE OVEN TIMER?
THAT'S RIGHT, MY FRIEND.
It's time for...
Both:
BAYWATCH!
( drums beating )
Oh...
CAN YOU BELIEVE THEY GAVE
STEPHANIE SKIN CANCER?
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE THEY
PROMOTED HER TO LIEUTENANT.
OH, YOU'RE JUST SAYING THAT
'CAUSE YOU'RE IN LOVE
WITH YASMINE BLEETH.
WELL, HOW COULD ANYONE NOT BE
IN LOVE WITH YASMINE BLEETH?
Joey:
HEY!
HEY! THEY'RE RUNNING!
SEE, THIS IS THE BRILLIANCE
OF THE SHOW.
I SAY ALWAYS KEEP THEM RUNNING.
ALL THE TIME, RUNNING.
Run!
RUN, YASMINE! RUN LIKE THE WIND!
BUT I THOUGHT
YOU WANTED
TO LIVE
BY YOURSELF.
I DID.
I THOUGHT
IT'D BE GREAT.
I FIGURED I'D HAVE TIME
ALONE WITH MY THOUGHTS
BUT, YOU KNOW,
IT TURNS OUT
I DON'T HAVE AS MANY THOUGHTS
AS YOU'D THINK.
JOEY, WHY DON'T YOU TALK
TO CHANDLER ABOUT MOVING BACK?
YOU REALLY THINK
HE'D TAKE ME?
I MEAN, WE HAD A PRETTY GOOD
TALK LAST NIGHT
BUT WHEN I MOVED OUT,
I HURT HIM BAD.
I PROMISE YOU
HE WOULD DEFINITELY
WANT YOU BACK.
I'M TELLING YOU THERE'S NO WAY
HE'S MOVING BACK.
BUT WE HAD ONE
OF THE GREATEST TALKS
WE EVER HAD LAST NIGHT.
I MEAN, IT WAS...
IT WAS LIKE WHEN WE FIRST
STARTED LIVING TOGETHER.
LOOK, I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT
TO HEAR THIS RIGHT NOW, BUT...
WE'VE SEEN HIM
IN HIS NEW PLACE, ALL RIGHT
AND HE'S HAPPY.
HE'S... HE'S DECORATED.
LOOK, CHANDLER,
HE HAS MOVED ON, OKAY?
YOU HAVE TO TOO.
BUT...
NO. YOU'RE JUST GOING
TO HAVE TO ACCEPT THE FACT
THAT YOU'RE
JUST FRIENDS NOW, OKAY?
YOU'RE NOT...
ROOMMATES ANYMORE.
Okay, Phoebe.
Ready to try one?
OKAY.
( clears throat )
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING YOU? ♪
♪ SMELLY, SMELLY, SMELLY ♪
♪ SMELLY CAT,
SMELLY CAT... ♪
♪ REALLY BAD-SMELLING
WHOA! OH, MY GOD!
I MEAN, LIKE, WHO WAS THAT?
They're your
backup singers.
Behind you, hon.
OH!
OH, I THOUGHT THEY WERE
JUST WATCHING ME.
YOU KNOW, LIKE
AT AN AQUARIUM, YOU KNOW.
All righty.
SORRY.
From the top.
OKAY.
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING YOU? ♪
♪ SMELLY, SMELLY, SMELLY ♪
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ REALLY BAD-SMELLING
SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT... ♪
OKAY. SORRY.
I'M JUST NOT GETTING
THAT EVERYONE, UM...
GETS HOW SMELLY
THIS CAT ACTUALLY IS.
I JUST THINK IF WE
COULD TALK ABOUT THIS
'CAUSE I NEED TO FEEL
THAT YOU REALLY CARE
ABOUT THE CAT.
Honey, we can
talk about this.
It's just that it's costing
about a hundred dollars
a minute to be in here.
OH, OKAY.
SO THE CAT STINKS,
BUT YOU LOVE IT.
LET'S GO.
NO. THERE IS NO WAY
HE WAS A VELOCIRAPTOR.
NO, TONY.
LOOK AT THE CRANIAL RIDGE.
IF DINO WAS A VELOCIRAPTOR
HE WOULD HAVE EATEN
THE FLINTSTONES.
YEAH... YEAH.
OH, WERE YOU
TAKING A NAP?
I WAS.
OH, WAIT.
TONY, CAN YOU HOLD ON?
THAT'S THE OTHER LINE.
HELLO?
OH, YES, SHE'S HERE,
BUT CAN SHE CALL YOU BACK?
OKAY, THANKS.
CALL JOANNA. HI.
DID SHE LEAVE
A NUMBER?
DID YOU SEE ME
WRITE ONE DOWN?
I DON'T HAVE HER NUMBER,
BUTTMUNCH.
WELL, SHE'LL CALL BACK.
DON'T BE SUCH A BABY.
I'M NOT A BABY.
YOU'RE THE BABY.
GET OFF MY BACK.
GET OUT OF MY FACE.
WAIT. HOLD ON, TONY. HOLD ON.
HELLO?
HI.
YEAH. NO.
SHE'S RIGHT HERE.
UM, HOLD ON.
HI. TONY, CAN I CALL YOU BACK?
THAT'S, UH...
THAT'S MY SISTER'S BOYFRIEND.
GIVE ME THAT.
OKAY.
HI, SWEETIE.
LISTEN, BEFORE I FORGET--
DID I LEAVE MY DIAPHRAGM
AT YOUR PLACE?
HI, MOM.
HEY!
SO, UH...
HOW'S THE PALACE?
YOU KNOW, IT'S FUNNY
YOU SHOULD MENTION THAT
'CAUSE I WAS THINKING...
WHAT'S WITH THE BOXES?
OH, UH... ACTUALLY
I, UH, HAVE SOME NEWS.
HEY, CHAN, IS JOEY GOING
TO PICK UP HIS MOOSE HAT
OR SHOULD I
TOSS IT OUT?
WELL, UH, WHY DON'T YOU
ASK HIM YOURSELF.
JOEY, THIS IS
MY NEW ROOMMATE, EDDIE.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
LIKEWISE.
HOW YOU DOING?
I'LL TAKE THAT.
OH.
THAT'S, UH... WHAT I CAME FOR.
SO, THIS IS NEW.
WHERE'D
YOU TWO MEET?
AT THE SUPERMARKET
IN THE ETHNIC FOOD SECTION.
I HELPED HIM PICK OUT
A CHORIZO.
( laughing )
WOW.
YOU KNOW,
WE GOT TO TALKING
AND HE SAID HE NEEDED A PLACE
AND I HAD A SPARE ROOM.
OH.
NOW IT'S A SPARE ROOM?
WELL, YEAH, IN THAT
IT'S NOT BEING USED
AND I HAVE IT TO SPARE.
RIGHT.
WELL, I, UH,
GOT WHAT I CAME FOR.
I'LL, UH,
I'LL SEE YOU GUYS.
HEY, JOE?
WHEN DID YOU START
USING MOOSE IN YOUR HAIR?
( giggling laughter )
IS THIS GUY GREAT
OR WHAT?
YEAH.
YEAH, HE IS.
HE HAS A NEW
ROOMMATE?
WHO IS THIS GUY?
EDDIE SOMETHING.
HE JUST MET HIM.
IT'LL NEVER LAST.
HE'S JUST
A REBOUND ROOMMATE.
HEY!
OOH, CHECK IT OUT.
CHECK IT OUT.
IT'S "SMELLY CAT" THE VIDEO.
HEY!
NOW, OKAY,
I HAVEN'T SEEN IT YET
SO IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT,
WELL, SO WHAT?
NONE OF YOU EVER MADE A VIDEO.
OKAY.
GET OUT OF HERE, CAT!
YOU STINK!
Ross:
WHOA.
SMOKIN'.
LOOK AT ME!
( different voice ):
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING YOU? ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT ♪
( beat picks up )
♪ SMELLY, SMELLY, SMELLY ♪
♪ REALLY BAD-SMELLING
SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT ♪
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
OH, MY GOD.
I KNOW.
I SOUND AMAZING.
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT ♪
♪ THEY WON'T TAKE YOU
TO THE VET ♪
♪ YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY NOT
THEIR FAVORITE PET ♪
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT ♪
♪ OH, NO ♪
I'VE NEVER HEARD
MYSELF SING BEFORE.
I MEAN, EXCEPT IN MY OWN HEAD.
THIS IS SO COOL.
NOW I CAN HEAR WHAT YOU HEAR.
PRETTY DIFFERENT, HUH?
I AM SORRY,
BUT I AM INCREDIBLY TALENTED.
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT. ♪
HEY, JOEY.
WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
EDDIE.
MORNING.
I JUST CAME BY
TO PICK UP MY MAIL.
WHERE'S THE MAIL?
OH, IT'S OVER THERE
ON THE TABLE.
YOU DON'T KEEP IT
ON THIS TABLE ANYMORE?
EDDIE LIKES
TO KEEP IT OVER THERE.
ALL RIGHT, HERE
YOU GO, MY FRIEND.
EGGS A LA EDDIE.
OOH, OOH.
OH... OH...
THAT'S GREAT.
HUH.
WHAT?
NO, I JUST THOUGHT
YOU LIKED YOUR EGGS
WITH THE BREAD WITH
THE HOLE IN THE MIDDLE--
A LA ME.
I DO, BUT EDDIE
MAKES THEM THIS WAY.
WELL, THEY'RE
PRETTY DARN GOOD.
Eddie:
WELL, YOU GUYS
I'M OUT OF HERE.
SEE YOU, PALS.
SEE YA.
SO, HOW YOU TWO
GETTING ALONG?
OH, I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER.
GREAT.
WELL, I'M HAPPY FOR YOU.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
HE JUST COMES IN HERE
MR. JOHNNY NEW EGGS
WITH HIS, HIS...
HIS MOVING THE MAIL
AND HIS, HIS "SEE YA, PALS."
AND NOW
THERE'S NO JUICE.
THERE'S NO JUICE FOR THE PEOPLE
WHO NEED THE JUICE
AND WANT THE JUICE.
I NEED THE JUICE.
THERE'S ANOTHER CARTON
RIGHT OVER THERE.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT JUICE
ANYMORE, ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT.
SO WHAT'S IT ABOUT?
EGGS.
WHOSE EGGS DO
YOU LIKE BETTER?
HIS OR MINE?
WELL, I LIKE
BOTH EGGS EQUALLY.
OH, COME ON.
YOU LIKE ONE BETTER
THAN THE OTHER
AND I WANT TO KNOW WHICH.
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
YOUR EGGS
AREN'T HERE ANYMORE,
ARE THEY?
YOU TOOK YOUR EGGS AND YOU LEFT!
DID YOU REALLY EXPECT ME
TO NEVER FIND NEW EGGS?
NO. ENTERTAINMENT
TONIGHT.
WE'RE WATCHING
PREDATORS OF THE SERENGETI.
WOULD YOU GUYS STOP?
IT'S MY TV.
QUIT IT.
BITE ME.
OH, MY GOD.
MONICA KEEPS CHANGING
THE CHANNEL.
THAT'S GREAT. WHY DON'T
YOU TELL MOMMY ON ME?
NOW I'M MOMMY
IN THIS LITTLE PLAY?
ALL RIGHT, LOOK
I REFUSE TO GET SUCKED
INTO THIS, LIKE, WEIRD
LITTLE GELLER
DIMENSION THING.
SO I'M GOING TO GO
AND TAKE A NICE,
LONG HOT BUBBLE BATH
BECAUSE YOU KIDS
ARE DRIVING ME CRAZY.
WHAT ARE WE GOING
TO DO ABOUT THIS?
WE COULD TAPE
ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT.
NOT THAT.
THIS. US.
( shrieking ):
OH, MY GOD, ROSS, YOU...
IT'S... YOU ARE...
OW. OW.
YOU'RE DRIVING ME... NIGHTMARE.
MON, MON, MON,
YOU'VE GONE ULTRASONIC AGAIN.
I JUST CAN'T STAND YOU
BEING HERE ALL THE TIME.
WHY? WHY CAN'T YOU
STAND ME BEING HERE?
YOU KNOW,
WE'RE JUST HAVING FUN.
FUN? YOU THINK THIS IS FUN?
YEAH.
I THOUGHT
WE WERE JUST FOOLING AROUND
LIKE WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
ROSS, I HATED YOU
WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
YOU HATED ME WHEN WE WERE KIDS?
YES. I HATED YOU.
I LOVED YOU IN A YOU'RE-
MY-BROTHER-SO-I-HAVE-TO WAY
BUT, YEAH, I
HATED YOUR GUTS.
WHY DID YOU HATE ME?
BECAUSE YOU WERE MEAN TO ME
AND YOU, YOU TEASED ME
AND YOU ALWAYS,
ALWAYS GOT YOUR WAY.
AND THAT WASN'T FUN FOR YOU?
TA-HA!
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU HATED ME.
BUT NOW I LOVE YOU.
AND NOT JUST
'CAUSE I HAVE TO.
REALLY?
YEAH.
YOU'RE JUST GOING
TO HAVE TO STOP
PISSING ME OFF.
I CAN DO THAT.
THEN I WON'T HAVE
TO KILL YOU.
SO YOU WANT TO WATCH
ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT?
AH, THANKS.
America's premiere
sports magazine...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT?
IF YOU REALLY WANT
TO WATCH THAT
SERENGETI THING
WE CAN.
OH... OKAY.
HEY, LISTEN,
YOU ARE NOT GOING
TO BELIEVE THIS
BUT THAT IS NOT ME
SINGING ON THE VIDEO.
NO!
YES.
WELL, HOW DID
YOU FIND OUT?
THE RECORD COMPANY
SENT OVER
THIS PIECE OF PAPER
FOR ME TO SIGN
SAYING THAT IT'S OKAY
FOR SOMEONE TO SING FOR ME.
THAT WAS MY FIRST CLUE.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
WELL, I CAN'T WORK WITH PEOPLE
WHO WOULD DO THIS.
SURE.
THIS POOR WOMAN.
WHAT WOMAN?
THE VOICE WOMAN.
SHE HAS A GREAT VOICE,
BUT SHE DOESN'T HAVE A VIDEO.
OKAY, PHEEBS,
BUT WHAT ABOUT YOU?
WELL, I HAVE A VIDEO.
YOU HAVE
TO PAY ATTENTION.
NO, THIS VOICE WOMAN,
SHE'S SO TALENTED.
BUT ACCORDING
TO THE PRODUCER PEOPLE
SHE DOESN'T HAVE
THE RIGHT LOOK OR SOMETHING.
IT'S LIKE SHE'S LIKE ONE
OF THOSE ANIMALS AT THE POUND
LIKE NOBODY WANTS
'CAUSE THEY'RE NOT
PRETTY ENOUGH
FOR IT, YOU KNOW.
LIKE SOME OLD DOG
WHO'S JUST STINKY...
OH, MY GOD. SHE'S SMELLY CAT.
OH, THAT SONG
HAS SO MANY LEVELS.
HEY, EDDIE, YOU WANT
TO PLAY SOME FOOSBALL?
NO, THANKS, MAN.
I'M NOT REALLY
INTO SPORTS.
YEAH, OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
( bell rings )
DOESN'T MATTER.
TIME FOR BAYWATCH.
WHAT?
YOU-YOU LIKE THAT SHOW?
YOU DON'T LIKE THAT SHOW?
NO, MAN.
IT'S JUST A BUNCH
OF PRETTY PEOPLE
RUNNING AROUND
ON THE BEACH.
WELL, THAT'S
THE BRILLIANCE OF IT.
THE PRETTY PEOPLE...
AND THE RUNNING.
I'M GOING TO GO READ IN
MY ROOM FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
OH, OKAY, MAN.
( chuckling )
( ball dropping through goal )
♪ SMELLY CAT,
SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THEY
FEEDING YOU? ♪
EVERYBODY!
♪ SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT ♪
MONICA!
♪ THEY WON'T TAKE YOU
TO THE VET ♪
CHANDLER!
♪ YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY NOT
THEIR FAVORITE PET ♪
JOEY!
♪ YOU MAY NOT BE
A BED OF ROSES ♪
RACHEL!
♪ AND YOU'RE NO FRIEND
TO THOSE WITH NOSES... ♪
ROSS, THOSE ARE
THE ONLY LINES WE HAVE.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]